README.md, before:

CppCon 2018 Presentation Materials
==================================

https://github.com/CppCon/CppCon2018 is the canonical location for presentations
and code from [CppCon 2018](http://cppcon.org).

[For Speakers: Submitting Materials](Submitting.md)
# Index of Materials

## Keynotes

 - [Concepts - The Future of Generic Programming](Keynotes/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming__bjarne_stroustrup__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bjarne Stroustrup
 - [Thoughts on a more powerful and simpler C++ (5 of N)](Keynotes/thoughts_on_a_more_powerful_and_simpler_cpp/thoughts_on_a_more_powerful_and_simpler_cpp__herb_sutter__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Herb Sutter

## Presentations

 - [An Allocator is a Handle to a Heap](Presentations/an_allocator_is_a_handle_to_a_heap/an_allocator_is_a_handle_to_a_heap__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer
 - [Avoiding Disasters with Strongly Typed C++](Presentations/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp__arno_lepisk__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arno Lepisk
 - [Build Systems: A Simple Solution to a Complicated Problem](Presentations/build_systems_a_simple_solution_to_a_complicated_problem/build_systems_a_simple_solution_to_a_complicated_problem__peter_bindels__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Bindels
 - [Building a C++ Reflection System in One Weekend Using Clang and LLVM](Presentations/building_a_cpp_reflection_system_in_one_weekend_using_clang_and_llvm/building_a_cpp_reflection_system_in_one_weekend_using_clang_and_llvm__arvid_gerstmann__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arvid Gerstmann \[[README](Presentations/building_a_cpp_reflection_system_in_one_weekend_using_clang_and_llvm/README.md)\]
 - [Building Multi-Million Line C++ Projects Effortlessly with the Meson Build System](Presentations/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system__jussi_pakkanen__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jussi Pakkanen
 - [Class Template Argument Deduction for Everyone](Presentations/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone__stephan_t_lavavej__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Stephan T. Lavavej
 - [Compile Time Regular Expressions](Presentations/compile_time_regular_expressions/compile_time_regular_expressions__hana_dusikova__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Hana Dusíková \[[README](Presentations/compile_time_regular_expressions/README.md)\]
 - [Concepts as She is Spoke](Presentations/concepts_as_she_is_spoke/concepts_as_she_is_spoke__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer
 - [C++ Dependency Management from Package Consumption to Project Development](Presentations/cpp_dependency_management_from_package_consumption_to_project_development/cpp_dependency_management_from_package_consumption_to_project_development__boris_kolpackov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Boris Kolpackov
 - [Crafting Embedded Domain Specific Language (EDSL) in C++](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp__gilang_hamidy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Gilang Hamidy \[[more materials](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp)\]
 - [CUDA Kernels with C++](Presentations/cuda_kernels_with_cpp/cuda_kernels_with_cpp__michael_gopshtein__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Michael Gopshtein
 - [Dealing with Aliasing Using Contracts](Presentations/dealing_with_aliasing_using_contracts/dealing_with_aliasing_using_contracts__gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Gábor Horváth
 - [Declarative Style in C++](Presentations/declarative_style_in_cpp/declarative_style_in_cpp__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Design for Performance](Presentations/design_for_performance/design_for_performance__fedor_pikus__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Fedor Pikus
 - [Don't package your libraries, write packagable libraries!](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Robert Schumacher \[[.pdf](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [DynaMix: A New Take on Polymoprhism](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov \[[README](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/README.md)\]
 - [Effective replacement of dynamic polymorphism with std::variant](Presentations/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Fancy Pointers for Fun and Profit](Presentations/fancy_pointers_for_fun_and_profit/fancy_pointers_for_fun_and_profit__bob_steagall__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bob Steagall
 - [Fast Conversion From UTF-8 with C++, DFAs, and SSE Intrinsics](Presentations/fast_conversion_from_utf8_with_cpp_dfas_and_sse_intrinsics/fast_conversion_from_utf8_with_cpp_dfas_and_sse_intrinsics__bob_steagall__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bob Steagall
 - [Feather: A Modern C++ Web Development Framework](Presentations/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework__yu_qi__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Yu Qi
 - [From Metaprogramming Tricks to Elegance](Presentations/from_metaprogramming_tricks_to_elegance/from_metaprogramming_tricks_to_elegance__vincent_reverdy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Vincent Reverdy
 - [Git, CMake, Conan - How to ship and reuse our C++ projects](Presentations/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Implementing the Cpp Core Guidelines Lifetime Safety Profile in Clang](Presentations/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang__matthias_gehre_gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthias Gehre, Gabor Horvath
 - [Inside Visual C++'s Parallel Algorithms](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Billy O'Neal \[[.pdf](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pptx)\] \[[README](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/README.md)\]
 - [Liberating the Debugging Experience with the gdb Python API](Presentations/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [Make It Fixable: Preparing for Security Vulnerability Reports](Presentations/make_it_fixable/make_it_fixable__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [minidumps: gdb-compatible, software controlled core dumps](Presentations/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps__matthew_fleming__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthew Fleming
 - [Multi-Precision Arithmetic for Cryptology in C++, at Run-Time and at Compile-Time](Presentations/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp__niek_j_bouman__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Niek J Bouman
 - [OOP is dead, long live Data-oriented design](Presentations/oop_is_dead_long_live_dataoriented_design/oop_is_dead_long_live_dataoriented_design__stoyan_nikolov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Stoyan Nikolov
 - [Operator Overloading](Presentations/operator_overloading/operator_overloading__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Return Value Optimization - Harder Than It Looks](Presentations/return_value_optimization_harder_than_it_looks/return_value_optimization_harder_than_it_looks__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer
 - [Sane and Safe C++ Classes](Presentations/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad
 - [Save $$ Testing Code the Playback-Based Way](Presentations/save_money_testing_code_the_playbackbased_way/save_money_testing_code_the_playbackbased_way__william_clements__cppcon_2018.pptx) by William Clements
 - [Smart References There and Back Again](Presentations/smart_references_there_and_back_again/smart_references_there_and_back_again__erik_valkering__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Erik Valkering
 - [Software Vulnerabilities in C and C++](Presentations/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [State Machines Battlefield - Naive vs STL vs Boost](Presentations/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [The Embedded Device Under Your Desk: UEFI Applications With Modern C++](Presentations/the_embedded_device_under_your_desk_uefi_applications_with_modern_cpp/the_embedded_device_under_your_desk_uefi_applications_with_modern_cpp__morris_hafner__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Morris Hafner
 - [The Networking TS in Practice: Testable, Composable Asynchronous I/O in C++](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/the_networking_ts_in_practice__robert_leahy__cppcon_2018.pptx) by Robert Leahy \[[README](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/README.md)\] \[[more materials](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice)\]
 - [To Kill a Mocking Framework: Tools and Techniques for Testing Callbacks Using Standard C++](Presentations/to_kill_a_mocking_framework/to_kill_a_mocking_framework__alastair_rankine__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Alastair Rankine
 - [Undefined Behavior is Not an Error](Presentations/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error__barbara_geller_ansel_sermersheim__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Barbara Geller, Ansel Sermersheim
 - [Unwinding the Stack - Exploring How C++ Exceptions Work on Windows](Presentations/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis
 - [What do you mean thread-safe?](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Geoff Romer \[[.pdf](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [What to Expect from a Next-Generation C++ Build System](Presentations/what_to_expect_from_a_nextgeneration_cpp_build_system/what_to_expect_from_a_nextgeneration_cpp_build_system__boris_kolpackov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Boris Kolpackov
 - [Woes of Scope Guards and Unique Resource](Presentations/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad

## Lightning Talks and Lunch Sessions

 - [Big Infrastructure at a Small Scale](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/big_infrastructure_at_a_small_scale/big_infrastructure_at_a_small_scale__matthew_von_arx__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthew von Arx \[[README](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/big_infrastructure_at_a_small_scale/README.md)\]
 - [[Boost].DI - Inject All The Things!](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/boost_di_inject_all_the_things/boost_di_inject_all_the_things__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [How to create slides about CMake with CMake](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Qt Signals and the Coroutines TS](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [rof_egnar](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/rof_egnar/rof_egnar__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad
 - [Set it and Forget it](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/set_it_and_forget_it/set_it_and_forget_it__matthew_von_arx__cppcon_2018.pptx) by Matthew von Arx
 - [The Bad Big Wolf Meets Riding Hood Little Red](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov
 - [The Shape of a Program](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_shape_of_a_program/the_shape_of_a_program__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis
 - [Trivially Relocatable](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/trivially_relocatable/trivially_relocatable__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer

## Posters

 - [A C++ tasking framework with compile-time dispatching and type-driven priority scheduling for HPC](Posters/a_cpp_tasking_framework_with_compiletime_dispatching_and_typedriven_priority_scheduling_for_hpc/a_cpp_tasking_framework_with_compiletime_dispatching_and_typedriven_priority_scheduling_for_hpc__david_haensel__cppcon_2018.pdf) by David Haensel
 - [CodeChecker: A static analysis infrastructure built on the LLVM/Clang Static Analyzer tool chain](Posters/codechecker_a_static_analysis_infrastructure_built_on_the_llvmclang_static_analyzer_tool_chain/codechecker_a_static_analysis_infrastructure_built_on_the_llvmclang_static_analyzer_tool_chain__gyorgy_orban_tibor_brunner_gabor_horvath_reka_kovacs__cppcon_2018.pdf) by György Orbán, Tibor Brunner, Gábor Horváth, Réka Kovács
 - [CodeCompass: An Open Software Comprehension Framework](Posters/codecompass_an_open_software_comprehension_framework/codecompass_an_open_software_comprehension_framework__zolta_porkolab_tibor_brunner_marton_csordas_mate_cser%C3%A9p_anett_fekete_endre_fulop_gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Zoltán Porkoláb, Tibor Brunner, Márton Csordás, Máté Cserép, Anett Fekete, Endre Fülöp, Gábor Horváth
 - [Cpp-Taskflow: Fast Parallel Programming with Task Dependency Graphs](Posters/cpptaskflow_fast_parallel_programming_with_task_dependency_graphs/cpptaskflow_fast_parallel_programming_with_task_dependency_graphs__tsungwei_huang_chunxun_lin_guannan_guo_martin_wong__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Tsung-Wei Huang, Chun-Xun Lin, Guannan Guo, Martin D. F. Wong
 - [CTwik: Hot Reloading & Quick-Build System](Posters/ctwik_hot_reloading_quickbuild_system/ctwik_hot_reloading_quickbuild_system__mohit_saini__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mohit Saini
 - [Efficiently and Comprehensively Reproducing C++ Bug Reports with Sciunit](Posters/efficiently_and_comprehensively_reproducing_cpp_bug_reports_with_sciunit/efficiently_and_comprehensively_reproducing_cpp_bug_reports_with_sciunit__zhihao_yuan_tanu_malik__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Zhihao Yuan, Tanu Malik
 - [Feedback on practical use of c++17 std::filesystem::recursive_directory_iterator](Posters/feedback_on_practical_use_of_cpp17_stdfilesystemrecursive_directory_iterator/feedback_on_practical_use_of_cpp17_stdfilesystemrecursive_directory_iterator__noel_tchidjo_moyo__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Noel Tchidjo Moyo
 - [Fighting Non-determinism in C++ Compilers](Posters/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers__mandeep_singh_grang__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mandeep Singh Grang
 - [Fizz, a C++14 implementation of TLS 1.3](Posters/fizz_a_cpp14_implementation_of_tls_13/fizz_a_cpp14_implementation_of_tls_13__subodh_iyengar_kyle_nekritz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Subodh Iyengar, Kyle Nekritz
 - [Funky Pools - Active Containers for Refactoring Legacy Code](Posters/funky_pools_active_containers_for_refactoring_legacy_code/funky_pools_active_containers_for_refactoring_legacy_code__norman_birkett__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Norman Birkett
 - [Hardware Memory Tagging makes C++ Memory-Safer](Posters/hardware_memory_tagging_makes_cpp_memorysafer/hardware_memory_tagging_makes_cpp_memorysafer__kostya_serebryany__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kostya Serebryany
 - [Lifting machine code instructions to LLVM bitcode](Posters/lifting_machine_code_instructions_to_llvm_bitcode/lifting_machine_code_instructions_to_llvm_bitcode__peter_goodman__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Goodman
 - [Modernizing HPC Software with C++11](Posters/modernizing_hpc_software_with_cpp11/modernizing_hpc_software_with_cpp11__ivo_kabadshow_andreas_beckmann_david_haensel__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ivo Kabadshow, Andreas Beckmann, David Haensel
 - [The C++ Lands, its amazing creatures and weird beasts](Posters/the_cpp_lands_its_amazing_creatures_and_weird_beasts/the_cpp_lands_its_amazing_creatures_and_weird_beasts__elena_sagalaeva_vladimir_gorshunin__cppcon_2018.jpg) by Elena Sagalaeva, Vladimir Gorshunin
 - [Using C++ to improve productivity in platform with C API](Posters/using_cpp_to_improve_productivity_in_platform_with_c_api/using_cpp_to_improve_productivity_in_platform_with_c_api__alexius_alvin_gilang_hamidy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Alexius Alvin, Gilang Hamidy

Commit message:

Add Better C++ using Machine Learning on Large Projects by Nicolas Fleury & Mathieu Nayrolles

README.md, after:

CppCon 2018 Presentation Materials
==================================

https://github.com/CppCon/CppCon2018 is the canonical location for presentations
and code from [CppCon 2018](http://cppcon.org).

[For Speakers: Submitting Materials](Submitting.md)
# Index of Materials

## Keynotes

 - [Concepts - The Future of Generic Programming](Keynotes/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming__bjarne_stroustrup__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bjarne Stroustrup
 - [Thoughts on a more powerful and simpler C++ (5 of N)](Keynotes/thoughts_on_a_more_powerful_and_simpler_cpp/thoughts_on_a_more_powerful_and_simpler_cpp__herb_sutter__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Herb Sutter

## Presentations

 - [An Allocator is a Handle to a Heap](Presentations/an_allocator_is_a_handle_to_a_heap/an_allocator_is_a_handle_to_a_heap__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer
 - [Avoiding Disasters with Strongly Typed C++](Presentations/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp__arno_lepisk__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arno Lepisk
 - [Better C++ using Machine Learning on Large Projects](Presentations/better_cpp_using_machine_learning_on_large_projects/better_cpp_using_machine_learning_on_large_projects_cppcon_2018.pdf) by Nicolas Fleury & Mathieu Nayrolles
 - [Build Systems: A Simple Solution to a Complicated Problem](Presentations/build_systems_a_simple_solution_to_a_complicated_problem/build_systems_a_simple_solution_to_a_complicated_problem__peter_bindels__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Bindels
 - [Building a C++ Reflection System in One Weekend Using Clang and LLVM](Presentations/building_a_cpp_reflection_system_in_one_weekend_using_clang_and_llvm/building_a_cpp_reflection_system_in_one_weekend_using_clang_and_llvm__arvid_gerstmann__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arvid Gerstmann \[[README](Presentations/building_a_cpp_reflection_system_in_one_weekend_using_clang_and_llvm/README.md)\]
 - [Building Multi-Million Line C++ Projects Effortlessly with the Meson Build System](Presentations/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system__jussi_pakkanen__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jussi Pakkanen
 - [Class Template Argument Deduction for Everyone](Presentations/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone__stephan_t_lavavej__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Stephan T. Lavavej
 - [Compile Time Regular Expressions](Presentations/compile_time_regular_expressions/compile_time_regular_expressions__hana_dusikova__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Hana Dusíková \[[README](Presentations/compile_time_regular_expressions/README.md)\]
 - [Concepts as She is Spoke](Presentations/concepts_as_she_is_spoke/concepts_as_she_is_spoke__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer
 - [C++ Dependency Management from Package Consumption to Project Development](Presentations/cpp_dependency_management_from_package_consumption_to_project_development/cpp_dependency_management_from_package_consumption_to_project_development__boris_kolpackov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Boris Kolpackov
 - [Crafting Embedded Domain Specific Language (EDSL) in C++](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp__gilang_hamidy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Gilang Hamidy \[[more materials](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp)\]
 - [CUDA Kernels with C++](Presentations/cuda_kernels_with_cpp/cuda_kernels_with_cpp__michael_gopshtein__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Michael Gopshtein
 - [Dealing with Aliasing Using Contracts](Presentations/dealing_with_aliasing_using_contracts/dealing_with_aliasing_using_contracts__gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Gábor Horváth
 - [Declarative Style in C++](Presentations/declarative_style_in_cpp/declarative_style_in_cpp__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Design for Performance](Presentations/design_for_performance/design_for_performance__fedor_pikus__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Fedor Pikus
 - [Don't package your libraries, write packagable libraries!](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Robert Schumacher \[[.pdf](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [DynaMix: A New Take on Polymoprhism](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov \[[README](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/README.md)\]
 - [Effective replacement of dynamic polymorphism with std::variant](Presentations/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Fancy Pointers for Fun and Profit](Presentations/fancy_pointers_for_fun_and_profit/fancy_pointers_for_fun_and_profit__bob_steagall__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bob Steagall
 - [Fast Conversion From UTF-8 with C++, DFAs, and SSE Intrinsics](Presentations/fast_conversion_from_utf8_with_cpp_dfas_and_sse_intrinsics/fast_conversion_from_utf8_with_cpp_dfas_and_sse_intrinsics__bob_steagall__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bob Steagall
 - [Feather: A Modern C++ Web Development Framework](Presentations/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework__yu_qi__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Yu Qi
 - [From Metaprogramming Tricks to Elegance](Presentations/from_metaprogramming_tricks_to_elegance/from_metaprogramming_tricks_to_elegance__vincent_reverdy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Vincent Reverdy
 - [Git, CMake, Conan - How to ship and reuse our C++ projects](Presentations/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Implementing the Cpp Core Guidelines Lifetime Safety Profile in Clang](Presentations/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang__matthias_gehre_gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthias Gehre, Gabor Horvath
 - [Inside Visual C++'s Parallel Algorithms](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Billy O'Neal \[[.pdf](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pptx)\] \[[README](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/README.md)\]
 - [Liberating the Debugging Experience with the gdb Python API](Presentations/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [Make It Fixable: Preparing for Security Vulnerability Reports](Presentations/make_it_fixable/make_it_fixable__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [minidumps: gdb-compatible, software controlled core dumps](Presentations/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps__matthew_fleming__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthew Fleming
 - [Multi-Precision Arithmetic for Cryptology in C++, at Run-Time and at Compile-Time](Presentations/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp__niek_j_bouman__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Niek J Bouman
 - [OOP is dead, long live Data-oriented design](Presentations/oop_is_dead_long_live_dataoriented_design/oop_is_dead_long_live_dataoriented_design__stoyan_nikolov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Stoyan Nikolov
 - [Operator Overloading](Presentations/operator_overloading/operator_overloading__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Return Value Optimization - Harder Than It Looks](Presentations/return_value_optimization_harder_than_it_looks/return_value_optimization_harder_than_it_looks__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer
 - [Sane and Safe C++ Classes](Presentations/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad
 - [Save $$ Testing Code the Playback-Based Way](Presentations/save_money_testing_code_the_playbackbased_way/save_money_testing_code_the_playbackbased_way__william_clements__cppcon_2018.pptx) by William Clements
 - [Smart References There and Back Again](Presentations/smart_references_there_and_back_again/smart_references_there_and_back_again__erik_valkering__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Erik Valkering
 - [Software Vulnerabilities in C and C++](Presentations/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [State Machines Battlefield - Naive vs STL vs Boost](Presentations/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [The Embedded Device Under Your Desk: UEFI Applications With Modern C++](Presentations/the_embedded_device_under_your_desk_uefi_applications_with_modern_cpp/the_embedded_device_under_your_desk_uefi_applications_with_modern_cpp__morris_hafner__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Morris Hafner
 - [The Networking TS in Practice: Testable, Composable Asynchronous I/O in C++](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/the_networking_ts_in_practice__robert_leahy__cppcon_2018.pptx) by Robert Leahy \[[README](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/README.md)\] \[[more materials](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice)\]
 - [To Kill a Mocking Framework: Tools and Techniques for Testing Callbacks Using Standard C++](Presentations/to_kill_a_mocking_framework/to_kill_a_mocking_framework__alastair_rankine__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Alastair Rankine
 - [Undefined Behavior is Not an Error](Presentations/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error__barbara_geller_ansel_sermersheim__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Barbara Geller, Ansel Sermersheim
 - [Unwinding the Stack - Exploring How C++ Exceptions Work on Windows](Presentations/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis
 - [What do you mean thread-safe?](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Geoff Romer \[[.pdf](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [What to Expect from a Next-Generation C++ Build System](Presentations/what_to_expect_from_a_nextgeneration_cpp_build_system/what_to_expect_from_a_nextgeneration_cpp_build_system__boris_kolpackov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Boris Kolpackov
 - [Woes of Scope Guards and Unique Resource](Presentations/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad

## Lightning Talks and Lunch Sessions

 - [Big Infrastructure at a Small Scale](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/big_infrastructure_at_a_small_scale/big_infrastructure_at_a_small_scale__matthew_von_arx__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthew von Arx \[[README](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/big_infrastructure_at_a_small_scale/README.md)\]
 - [[Boost].DI - Inject All The Things!](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/boost_di_inject_all_the_things/boost_di_inject_all_the_things__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [How to create slides about CMake with CMake](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Qt Signals and the Coroutines TS](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [rof_egnar](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/rof_egnar/rof_egnar__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad
 - [Set it and Forget it](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/set_it_and_forget_it/set_it_and_forget_it__matthew_von_arx__cppcon_2018.pptx) by Matthew von Arx
 - [The Bad Big Wolf Meets Riding Hood Little Red](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov
 - [The Shape of a Program](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_shape_of_a_program/the_shape_of_a_program__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis
 - [Trivially Relocatable](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/trivially_relocatable/trivially_relocatable__arthur_odwyer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arthur O'Dwyer

## Posters

 - [A C++ tasking framework with compile-time dispatching and type-driven priority scheduling for HPC](Posters/a_cpp_tasking_framework_with_compiletime_dispatching_and_typedriven_priority_scheduling_for_hpc/a_cpp_tasking_framework_with_compiletime_dispatching_and_typedriven_priority_scheduling_for_hpc__david_haensel__cppcon_2018.pdf) by David Haensel
 - [CodeChecker: A static analysis infrastructure built on the LLVM/Clang Static Analyzer tool chain](Posters/codechecker_a_static_analysis_infrastructure_built_on_the_llvmclang_static_analyzer_tool_chain/codechecker_a_static_analysis_infrastructure_built_on_the_llvmclang_static_analyzer_tool_chain__gyorgy_orban_tibor_brunner_gabor_horvath_reka_kovacs__cppcon_2018.pdf) by György Orbán, Tibor Brunner, Gábor Horváth, Réka Kovács
 - [CodeCompass: An Open Software Comprehension Framework](Posters/codecompass_an_open_software_comprehension_framework/codecompass_an_open_software_comprehension_framework__zolta_porkolab_tibor_brunner_marton_csordas_mate_cser%C3%A9p_anett_fekete_endre_fulop_gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Zoltán Porkoláb, Tibor Brunner, Márton Csordás, Máté Cserép, Anett Fekete, Endre Fülöp, Gábor Horváth
 - [Cpp-Taskflow: Fast Parallel Programming with Task Dependency Graphs](Posters/cpptaskflow_fast_parallel_programming_with_task_dependency_graphs/cpptaskflow_fast_parallel_programming_with_task_dependency_graphs__tsungwei_huang_chunxun_lin_guannan_guo_martin_wong__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Tsung-Wei Huang, Chun-Xun Lin, Guannan Guo, Martin D. F. Wong
 - [CTwik: Hot Reloading & Quick-Build System](Posters/ctwik_hot_reloading_quickbuild_system/ctwik_hot_reloading_quickbuild_system__mohit_saini__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mohit Saini
 - [Efficiently and Comprehensively Reproducing C++ Bug Reports with Sciunit](Posters/efficiently_and_comprehensively_reproducing_cpp_bug_reports_with_sciunit/efficiently_and_comprehensively_reproducing_cpp_bug_reports_with_sciunit__zhihao_yuan_tanu_malik__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Zhihao Yuan, Tanu Malik
 - [Feedback on practical use of c++17 std::filesystem::recursive_directory_iterator](Posters/feedback_on_practical_use_of_cpp17_stdfilesystemrecursive_directory_iterator/feedback_on_practical_use_of_cpp17_stdfilesystemrecursive_directory_iterator__noel_tchidjo_moyo__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Noel Tchidjo Moyo
 - [Fighting Non-determinism in C++ Compilers](Posters/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers__mandeep_singh_grang__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mandeep Singh Grang
 - [Fizz, a C++14 implementation of TLS 1.3](Posters/fizz_a_cpp14_implementation_of_tls_13/fizz_a_cpp14_implementation_of_tls_13__subodh_iyengar_kyle_nekritz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Subodh Iyengar, Kyle Nekritz
 - [Funky Pools - Active Containers for Refactoring Legacy Code](Posters/funky_pools_active_containers_for_refactoring_legacy_code/funky_pools_active_containers_for_refactoring_legacy_code__norman_birkett__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Norman Birkett
 - [Hardware Memory Tagging makes C++ Memory-Safer](Posters/hardware_memory_tagging_makes_cpp_memorysafer/hardware_memory_tagging_makes_cpp_memorysafer__kostya_serebryany__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kostya Serebryany
 - [Lifting machine code instructions to LLVM bitcode](Posters/lifting_machine_code_instructions_to_llvm_bitcode/lifting_machine_code_instructions_to_llvm_bitcode__peter_goodman__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Goodman
 - [Modernizing HPC Software with C++11](Posters/modernizing_hpc_software_with_cpp11/modernizing_hpc_software_with_cpp11__ivo_kabadshow_andreas_beckmann_david_haensel__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ivo Kabadshow, Andreas Beckmann, David Haensel
 - [The C++ Lands, its amazing creatures and weird beasts](Posters/the_cpp_lands_its_amazing_creatures_and_weird_beasts/the_cpp_lands_its_amazing_creatures_and_weird_beasts__elena_sagalaeva_vladimir_gorshunin__cppcon_2018.jpg) by Elena Sagalaeva, Vladimir Gorshunin
 - [Using C++ to improve productivity in platform with C API](Posters/using_cpp_to_improve_productivity_in_platform_with_c_api/using_cpp_to_improve_productivity_in_platform_with_c_api__alexius_alvin_gilang_hamidy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Alexius Alvin, Gilang Hamidy
